chore(deps): update version of Backstage in release notes to use the value from artifacts/attributes.adoc (#297)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: titles/rel-notes-rhdh/title-rhdh-release-notes.adoc

:doctype: book
:imagesdir: images

> {product} ({product-short}) {product-version} is now generally available. {product-short} is a fully supported, enterprise-grade productized version of upstream Backstage v{product-backstage-version}. You can access and download the {product} from the Red Hat https://access.redhat.com/downloads[Customer Portal] or from the https://catalog.redhat.com/search?gs&q=rhdh&searchType=containers[Ecosystem Catalog].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product} ({product-short}) {product-version} is now generally available. {product-short} is a fully supported, enterprise-grade productized version of upstream Backstage v{product-backstage-version}. You can access and download the {product} from the {company-name} https://access.redhat.com/downloads[Customer Portal] or from the https://catalog.redhat.com/search?gs&q=rhdh&searchType=containers[Ecosystem Catalog].
```

> {product} ({product-short}) {product-version} is now generally available. {product-short} is a fully supported, enterprise-grade productized version of upstream Backstage v{product-backstage-version}. You can access and download the {product} from the Red Hat https://access.redhat.com/downloads[Customer Portal] or from the https://catalog.redhat.com/search?gs&q=rhdh&searchType=containers[Ecosystem Catalog].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product} ({product-short}) {product-version} is now generally available. {product-short} is a fully supported, enterprise-grade productized version of upstream Backstage v{product-backstage-version}. You can access and download the {product} application from the Red Hat https://access.redhat.com/downloads[Customer Portal] or from the https://catalog.redhat.com/search?gs&q=rhdh&searchType=containers[Ecosystem Catalog].
```
or remove "the" before {product}
